2025 SUSTAINABILITY IN ACTION
Turning Ambition into Impact

At Iveco Group, sustainability is ingrained in every aspect of our operations and in how we progress as an organisation. But it goes beyond this: we prioritise making real, measurable and lasting impact around the world. This mindset is visible in our drive to achieve our ambitious sustainability targets and in the passion our people put into their work, with quality and care in all we do.
OLOF PERSSON CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, IVECO GROUP

Welcome to Sustainability in Action ­ a closer look at how we do sustainability at Iveco Group day to day, both within and beyond our walls. 
It's important to us to share with you some of the initiatives we've undertaken in 2025 to show what we mean by `doing sustainability' ­ turning strategy into action and commitments into tangible progress.
It goes without saying that our people are the ones who make all this happen, working hard every day to ensure we deliver on the targets set out in our sustainability roadmap.Their efforts magnify the impact of our actions and extend the benefits throughout the Company and across communities, helping to build a virtuous ecosystem that fosters innovation, accountability, and shared growth.
And so it's only fitting to ask them ­ our co-workers and colleagues ­ to tell you about the projects they've been working on.
You can also take a look at Community Empowerment in Action on our website, which highlights how our initiatives drive sustainable and inclusive development while responding to the real needs of the communities around us.
Meanwhile, more information on our sustainability key performance indicators (KPIs) can be found in our Sustainability Statement, included in our 2025 Annual Report and prepared in line with the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD).
This publication was designed for digital viewing and optimised for screen-reader compatibility to ensure accessibility for visually impaired people. 
Want to find out more? Then why not explore
our Publications in  the Sustainability section of our website?
1

Nothing we've accomplished in 2025 would have been possible without the passion, dedication, and hard work of all those who keep us moving forward every day along our sustainability journey
TO EACH AND E V E R Y O N E O F Y O U OUR HEARTFELT T HAN KS!
2

4Our Presence

6Our Initiatives

 7  8  9  10  11  12  13  14
15 16  17  18 19  20

When Engagement Becomes Contagious Driving Sustainability with Our Dealers in Latin America Stronger Together: The TrainMe Wellbeing Challenge Smart Support: Keeping IVECO Customers Moving Sharing Skills with The Community Giving Time, Creating Smiles AI Working for Our Safety Smarter Systems for Safer Roads Carbon as a Business Lever Less Energy, Faster Curing We Know What's In It Thinking Sustainably Right from the Start Giving Waste Oil a New Life From Waste to Resource: Recovering Value in Suzzara

21 Our 2025 Sustainability Performance at a Glance 22Sustainability in Action 28Esg Assessment

CONTENTS
3

OUR PRESENCE
DRIVING OUR OPERATIONS
4

Iveco Group Around the World
We maintain a strong commercial presence in 155 countries, supported by a wide network of Group sites. This page offers a snapshot of our global footprint, highlighting the types of facilities1 we have operating in each country ­ from Plants (industrial sites) to R&D Sites (engineering facilities) and spare parts Warehouses.
Across all these locations, our extraordinary people bring their skills and dedication to everything they do ­ every single day. You'll hear from some of them, in their own words, over the following pages.

(1) Does not include Iveco Group dealers or joint ventures.

5

OUR INITIATIVES
BOLDER,TOGETHER
6

WHEN ENGAGEMENT BECOMES CONTAGIOUS

Goal

To engage more people in sustainability

Period
2023 - ongoing

LessonLearnt
Passion drives real change

Many believe they know exactly what sustainability means, that it's all about environmental protection and initiatives for local communities. But in reality, it's so much more than that. To grasp the true depth and impact of sustainability, people need to understand its many layers and nuances ­ and feel part of the journey themselves. After all, truly engaging people means turning their participation into a collective energy and momentum. That's why at Iveco Group we have someone whose role is all about nurturing that involvement.
Her name is Beatrice Ponte, Sustainability Engagement Manager, who works in Turin, Italy. We caught up with her to learn more about her work.
Ciao Beatrice, let's begin with a question about you: when you were at university, did you ever think one day you'd be working in sustainability? And has your academic background helped the way you approach your work today?  I studied Economics and Management for Arts, Culture, and Communication, so no, I never thought sustainability would become my profession. Now I realise that my degree actually taught me something essential: much like art or media, sustainability truly resonates when it makes you feel a connection and makes you want to be a part of it. When people are genuinely engaged, what might otherwise be a passive experience becomes a conversation they can actively take part in and interpret in their own way. In the end, what I studied turned out to be far more relevant to my work than I ever expected.
How do you keep people engaged over time?  There's no one-size-fits-all approach to engagement, because everyone responds differently. So every initiative ­ from training and communication to sustainability committees or corporate volunteering ­ must be tailored to the different roles across the Group. It is also crucial that we work closely with Corporate Communications and Human Resources to embed sustainability in our everyday work, so it feels like a natural part of what we do rather than an added burden. Another stimulating aspect of my role is supporting our network of Sustainability Change Agents ­ colleagues who each come from very different backgrounds and who help build up that momentum within their teams, creating a ripple effect across the Organisation.

In your opinion, which initiatives have delivered the best results so far, and why?  Personally, I'm especially proud of the work of our local ESG

8
local ESG

committees, which bring together colleagues from different

Committees

departments to develop ideas and deliver social projects in the

active globally

communities where they live and work. We currently have 8 active

ESG Committees ­ at plant, country, and regional level depending

on which best meets local needs.What I find most rewarding is seeing the pride and sense of

purpose they feel when they realise they can drive real change. That energy is amplified even further

by our Volunteering Day events, which give all our people the chance to use their time and skills

to support others. It's truly gratifying to seein their expressions just how much those moments

outsideeveryday work mean to them.

Is there a lesson you've learned that has stayed with you?  Passion is what makes a difference. These initiatives create lasting connections, have a real impact on communities, and are often transformative for the people who take part in them. When sustainability is shared with genuine energy and conviction, it sparks something in people ­ and it spreads quickly, inspiring real change.

7

DRIVING SUSTAINABILITY WITH OUR DEALERS IN LATIN AMERICA

Goal

To bring ESG principes to our dealers through training and

engagement

Period
2024 - ongoing

LessonLearnt
When we share our values with partners, sustainability becomes a collective force for change

Dealers play a vital role in strengthening our brands and supporting our customers, which is why engaging with them is key to our long-term success. In Latin America, we are taking bold steps to embed ESG principles across our dealer network, ensuring that commercial success and responsibility go hand in hand. To achieve this, we've developed a structured and forward-looking approach that empowers our partners through education and training, fosters close engagement and commitment, and fully aligns with our business standards ­ ultimately enabling a comprehensive assessment of their sustainability efforts.
We asked Ana Paula Guedes, LATAM Network Development Manager in the Truck Business Unit based in São Paulo, Brazil, about her experience throughout this journey.
Ana, beyond business, what does sustainability mean to you personally? Sustainability is personal for me. It gives me the opportunity to actively engage in and contribute to initiatives that make Brand IVECO's culture and values real, reinforcing them through the actions we take every day.
What inspired the start of this journey with dealers across Latin America? It all stemmed from the need to provide clarity and direction. Before 2024, many dealers were unsure about which ESG initiatives they could or should implement. We addressed this by creating our first Sustainability Guidelines for the Brazilian network in collaboration with the Sustainability Department. Endorsed by ANCIVE and covering both the IVECO and FPT brands, they provide a clear and practical roadmap for action. At the same time, we enhanced our Top Dealer programme by introducing ESG targets, to ensure that sustainability is not just treated as an add-on but part of our core standards. We also launched monthly training sessions through the IVECO Academy, where dealers share best practices and real-world experiences, creating a collaborative space to boost innovation, cost efficiency, and brand value.

W H AT IS T H E D IVE R S IT Y, E Q U IT Y, AND INCLUSION (DEI) COUNCIL?
It's the governance body that steers us towards a fairer and more inclusive and respectful work environment. Sponsored by our CEO and Senior Leadership Team (SLT), it's made up of colleagues from across our departments, working together on initiatives to make all of us at Iveco Group feel welcome, included, valued, and empowered to realise our full potential. The Council's work is built around 5 areas of action: Gender Equity, Ability Inclusion, Affective Orientation & Gender Identity, Social & Cultural Diversity, and Intergenerational Relations, each inspiring concrete actions. The DEI Council works to ensure that diversity, equity, and inclusion aren't mere words, but principles integrated into our strategy and day-to-day culture, continuously monitoring results and aligning with international best practices.
What has been the biggest challenge in strengthening ESG adoption, engagement, and governance across the dealer network?  LATAM is a highly diverse and complex region where legislation, product requirements, cultures, and languages differ across markets ­ each requiring a tailored approach. In addition, there are multiple brands coexisting within the same network, which requires extra effort to ensure strong governance and meaningful engagement across the board. Despite these challenges, we remain determined to drive progress and deliver consistent results across all markets.
Looking back, what is the most meaningful lesson learned on this journey?  Our Sustainability Guidelines go well beyond environmental initiatives, also covering areas such as diversity and inclusion. This is something I'm truly proud of because it clearly reflects our Group's values. By bringing these principles into our dealer network, we're not only shaping business practices but also creating a positive impact in the communities around us. For me, that's absolutely remarkable.
8

STRONGER TOGETHER: THE TRAINME WELLBEING CHALLENGE

Goal

To bring together colleagues across Europe through sport, so

strengthening wellbeing, team cohesion, and a shared sense of belonging

Period
2025 - ongoing

LessonLearnt
Real team cohesion and a strong sense of belonging can flourish even across geographical and language barriers

In 2025, 320 colleagues from all over Europe employed within our Dealers of Property (DOP) network came together virtually for a 2-week TrainMe Sports & Wellbeing Challenge. Divided into 19 teams, they took part in a range of activities, including personalised fitness sessions, live streaming sports courses, and wellbeing quizzes, earning points along the way as they competed in the challenge.
We met Federico Sorvillo, Head of IVECO's Dealers of Property, at his office in Turin, Italy, and asked him to tell us more about this initiative.
Hi Federico. Before talking about the project, we were wondering: are you a sport enthusiast yourself? I've taken an interest in sport since I was young and have tried many different activities over the years, both team and individual sports. These days I don't focus on just one discipline but enjoy a mix, depending on my schedule. The TrainMe initiative gave me an extra boost, motivating me to make time for exercise and maintain a consistent routine, even trying new activities. And it paid off ­ I ended up finishing third in the challenge.
How did the idea for this `DOP Olympics' come about, and what were you hoping it would achieve?  With the help of the HR Department, we wanted to create a simple challenge that would bring people together from different countries and cultures, and sport felt like the most natural choice. The idea was to expand a local French sports challenge to a European level, using a shared platform where everyone could track their activities and interact with one another. Beyond the physical aspect, this shared experience proved to be a powerful way to strengthen team spirit and nurture a real sense of belonging within our European IVECO DOP community.

Do you think this initiative will continue in the future? And could it also be adopted in other areas across the Group? Given the success of the first year, we're already planning a repeat challenge in 2026. Dealers are still talking about it and asking when the next one will be, while some teams have even continued to organise sports activities among themselves. To me, this means that the initiative truly resonated with our people. I believe the idea could easily be extended to other groups across the Company. It does require a strong launch and good promotion at the start, but once the challenge begins, the enthusiasm builds quickly and teams start motivating each other.

Is there a key lesson you've taken away from this experience? 

One of the biggest lessons for us was seeing how easily we can

build real team cohesion and a strong sense of belonging, despite

geographical and language barriers. The app used during the

challenge ­ which allowed participants to track their rankings and post photos and comments ­ created a space where everyone could share their experiences, motivate one another, and celebrate progress

320

together, ultimately strengthening the bond between teams.

colleagues

competed in the

DOP Olympics

GIVE ME 5': WHAT A DIFFERENCE A BREAK MAKES
When you have one meeting after another, there's no time to think, recharge your batteries or prepare for the next session.
That's why at Iveco Group we schedule a 5-minute break between meetings to help improve concentration, satisfaction, and wellbeing.
Having the time to stretch your legs and grab a glass of water may seem like a small thing, but making space for it shows great respect for co-workers' needs and helps make meetings more focused and productive.

9

SMART SUPPORT: KEEPING IVECO CUSTOMERS MOVING

Goal

To provide 24/7 assistance to IVECO's customers

Period
2018 - ongoing

LessonLearnt
Innovation alone is not enough. We must also know how to communicate it and ensure it is clearly understood, recognising that customers will embrace it at their own pace

Our vehicles are essential working tools for our customers, which means that any downtime will have a direct negative impact on their business. To support customers across Europe as effectively as possible, Brand IVECO has set up a network of 6 Customer Uptime Centres providing assistance 24/7. But this support goes far beyond merely responding when something goes wrong. When customers activate the telematics service, their vehicles are able to transmit real-time data directly to the Control Room, enabling teams to monitor performance remotely and intervene proactively. This allows us to detect potential anomalies early on, plan the required assistance in advance, book the nearest workshop, and arrange the delivery of any spare parts needed. By turning data into timely action, we're able to minimise vehicle downtime, so that customers' operations keep moving smoothly.
To find out more, we spoke to Andrea Martini, IVECO Customer Uptime Centre Manager Europe, meeting him in the Control Room at the Iveco Group Industrial Village in Turin, Italy.
First of all, we're sure our readers would love to get to know you a little better: as a child, what did you want to be when you grew up, and is there any connection with the job you do today? From an early age, I was always fascinated by cars and technology. That curiosity is what led me to study mechanical engineering and, ultimately, build my career in the automotive industry.
When the project was conceived, did you think the idea was too bold or did you immediately see its potential? Given how rapidly vehicle technology was evolving, and how our vehicles were increasingly able to communicate directly with IVECO, the project felt like a natural step forward. It quickly became clear that the ability to collect and analyse vehicle data held enormous potential ­ not only to deepen our understanding of how our products perform in real-world conditions, and continuously improve them, but also to unlock entirely new services for our customers. Most importantly, it opened the door to a new way of supporting customers ­ one that is both predictive and proactive ­ helping them keep their vehicles on the road with minimal disruption.

Let's talk numbers: how many customers rely on your services?  In 2025 alone, we provided assistance to more than 30,000 customers. All IVECO customers have access to our Uptime Centre services, no matter their circumstances. For instance, they can request roadside assistance in the event of a breakdown regardless of the age of their vehicle. Over the course of the year, delivering these services involved more than 4 million interactions between our teams, customers, and the service network.

What's the most important lesson learnt from this experience, the one you value

the most? 

There have been several valuable lessons. We learned that technological evolution alone is not enough,

and that everything we develop must be about better service for our customers. Which is why we must

keep them central to everything we do, especially when designing and implementing new solutions.

Another key takeaway is the importance of collaboration. Without the contribution of many different

teams, none of this would have been possible, as each

brings their own experience and expertise to a shared goal.

Lastly, we learned that the pace of innovation and the pace

at which customers understand and adopt it do not always go hand in hand. That's why it's all the more important for us to take the time to explain new technology to make sure

30,000+

it's clearly understood.

customers

assisted in 2025

Discover more about Andrea's work. 10

SHA RIN G S K I L L S W I T H  THE COMMUNITY

Goal

To put our expertise and professional skills at the service of

the community

Period
2024 - ongoing

LessonLearnt
Sharing our skills can bring real value to volunteer-based community organisations, but only if we step outside our comfort zones and embrace a different way of doing things

Iveco Group firmly believes that sharing our people's technical skills through joint projects with nonprofits creates measurable benefits for the organisations involved while strengthening motivation, personal development, and a sense of belonging among our people.

PUT TING  COMMUNITIES FIRST
As a socially responsible company, we strive at Iveco Group to have a positive impact on the communities we're part of.
That's why, in 2025, we invested 3.3 million supporting about 200 initiatives, working hand in hand with an extensive network of local and international organisations, associations, foundations, and schools. Through these partnerships, we reached nearly 150,000 people worldwide, helping to make a difference where it matters most.
To find out more, see Community Empowerment in Action.

We spoke to Antonio Russo, Logistics Design & Footprint Manager, about the skills-based volunteering initiative deployed by his team at Sermig in Turin, Italy ­ a volunteer organisation that tackles inequality and supports vulnerable people through sheltered accommodation and a wide variety of inclusive services.
Antonio, what drove you to get involved in this type of volunteering? Last year, we spent a day volunteering at Sermig. During the debrief that followed, we found ourselves wondering: "Would our particular skill set be useful to them?" And it all started from there. The management teams of our central Logistics and Sales & Operations Planning units then gave the go-ahead.
What were Sermig's main needs and operational challenges?  It took us a while to figure out the main areas where our team could make a real difference, but after a rather long discussion with their operational managers, it all became clear. Once we'd pinpointed their main gaps, largely due to the fact that Sermig relies entirely on volunteers, we identified the activities where our expertise could best help the organisation to strengthen its operations, reduce inefficiencies, and ultimately enhance the quality of the services it provides.
What improvements were you able to introduce through skills-based volunteering? The main one was the installation of a controlled access system for the community's service keys. When you think of the hundreds of keys the organisation used to give out to the thousands of volunteers in the course of their work ­ to access the huge number of rooms, vehicles, and so on ­ checking who had what key at any particular time could be extremely time consuming. By introducing an automated system, we completely changed the way keys are managed, improving life for everyone.
What were the main lessons learnt and any suggestions for other company teams looking to try similar initiatives?  The lesson we learnt was above all to listen attentively and with an open mind to the issues and dynamics of a complex organisation like Sermig, with its many procedures, approaches, organisational structures, and infrastructure all managed by hundreds of volunteers. It inevitably operates very differently from a structured company. Undoubtedly, our skills-based approach has much to contribute to those working in community support, but only if we step outside our comfort zones and are open to embracing a very different way of doing things.
Discover more about Sermig.
11

GIVING TIME, CREATING SMILES

Goal

To give back to our communities by volunteering our time and

creating inclusive experiences with a powerful social impact

Period
2024 - ongoing

LessonLearnt
Giving our time and energy is not a one-way street ­ what we get in return is so much more

At Iveco Group, we're passionate believers in responsible community engagement and inclusion, and in giving back to the communities where we live and work. This also means donating our time ­ as we do on occasions such as our Volunteering Day initiatives, when our people happily come together for causes that matter, determined to make a positive difference for those around us. In 2025, for example, more than 550 colleagues joined corporate volunteering events around the world. One such occasion was when our teams in China partnered with the Special Education School in Pudong, Shanghai on a Volunteering Day event to create meaningful, shared experiences for the children.
To find out more, we spoke to Sonya Dai, Country HR Manager at FPT, China.
Sonya, can you tell us more about this initiative? Our co-workers volunteered during school hours to assist children with disabilities with hands-on creative activities, providing all the materials needed and making sure every child felt safe, included, and encouraged to take part. Last year, we partnered with the same school on a similar initiative and, following the positive feedback we received, this is now part of an ongoing collaboration. Our goal is not just to organise one-off activities, but to build long-term relationships and remain actively engaged with the community.
What is the main purpose of this kind of Volunteering Day? We aim to foster inclusion through direct, meaningful engagement. Our volunteers spend time guiding and supporting the children, encouraging creativity and teamwork through activities where they can use their hands. By working closely with the school, we can all be part of a shared experience that is respectful, fun, and enriching for both the children and our people alike.

BACKING OUR PEOPLE'S GROWTH WITH REAL ACTION
We have a passion for transforming ideas into concrete action. So for us, mentoring and empowerment are not just abstract concepts but real opportunities for professional and personal growth, which we realise through structured programmes such as I-Talks, Empower-HER, and wITh.
These initiatives create spaces where our people can share skills, learn from one another across generations, and develop more inclusive styles of leadership. We design inclusive growth paths that bring people together from different areas of our business, with the aim of overcoming gender stereotypes.
And we support not just traditional but `reverse' mentoring as a way to challenge age-related bias and foster collaboration. The ultimate goal? To create a fair, open-minded, and stimulating work environment, where each person can realise their potential.

If you had to choose one word to describe what this day meant to you, what would it be and why?  Heartwarming. The genuine smiles, the spontaneous hugs, and the small wins we achieved together made me feel a deep sense of warmth and joy.

What is the key lesson learned from this initiative?  The kids taught me resilience. Despite their disabilities, they show an incredible capacity to adapt, to keep trying, and to find joy ­ they are true masters at bouncing back. They also helped me learn to be more patient, to slow down, to understand that sometimes things move at a different pace and we need to wait and listen. I've learned too that it's never a one-way street. We may give our time and energy, but we receive so much more in return.

550+
colleagues joined our Volunteering Day activities around the world

12

AI WORKING FOR OUR SAFETY

Goal

To make our plants' loading bays safer

Period
2024 - ongoing

LessonLearnt
If used transparently, ethically, and with human oversight, AI can strengthen a company's safety culture

From a logistics perspective, when components arrive at our plants or warehouses, the loading bay quickly becomes a fast-moving hive of activity: people are checking in shipments, forklifts are moving back and forth, and trucks are being unloaded, all at the same time. With people and vehicles constantly interacting within the same space ­ and traffic flow reaching up to 48 vehicles per hour ­ the risk potential is ever present. Even though we have well-established safety protocols and traditional video surveillance in place at all our facilities, we wanted to take safety and protection a step further. So we adopted an artificial intelligence (AI) system capable of analysing events in real time to help us spot potential hazards early and prevent them before they occur.
To understand more about how this project works, we spoke to Marta González, Environment, Health and Safety (EHS) Manager at our plant in Valladolid, Spain.
Hi Marta, and thank you for speaking to us. Given that your job is all about managing risks and keeping people safe, we'd love to know: in your free time, would you say you're the cautious or adventurous type? I'd say both. I'm generally a calm and mindful person, but I also like to challenge myself when the occasion calls for it. I enjoy reading but I also like exercising ­ not only to stay fit, but also to work off stress and achieve the right balance between physical and mental wellbeing.

What's it like to work with AI? Can it really do everything by itself or does it tend to need a helping hand?  Like any new technology, AI needs time to learn. To start with, we had to train the system to distinguish between normal activities and potentially hazardous ones. Initially, its alerts were not always accurate, which understandably raised a few questions about its effectiveness. But as we continued to collect data methodically and run progress tests together with our Logistics and ICT teams, it quickly gained accuracy and reliability. A key factor was the close collaboration of our highly skilled colleagues from Safety, Logistics, and Engineering, who helped us adapt the technology to the actual dynamics of our daily operations.
How has the project made a difference? Its impact has been remarkable. Our whole loading bay now benefits from a proactive monitoring system that can detect unauthorised access to hazardous areas, verify the correct use of personal protective equipment (PPE), monitor the distance between vehicles, and identify atypical forklift trajectories ­ immediately flagging up unsafe behaviours. What's more, the system doesn't just identify risks: it helps prevent them by analysing what's happening in real time, warning people straight away if they find themselves in potential danger. It also allows us to run statistical analyses, track trends, and automatically generate reports ­ turning safety into a dynamic, measurable process that helps us to keep improving day by day.
What's the most important lesson learnt from this experience?  The best thing about this new technology is its ability to support and protect our people while reducing the margin for human error, making logistics both safer and more efficient. Thanks to AI, our approach to workplace safety has shifted from reactive to preventive and predictive, meaning we can now identify risky behaviours and situations in real time. It also helps us better understand the root causes of unsafe conditions, making our safety observations more objective and consistent. By using it transparently, ethically, and with human oversight, AI has become a powerful ally and greatly strengthened our safety culture.

13

SMARTER SYSTEMS FOR SAFER ROADS

Goal

To enhance road safety and help prevent accidents through

advanced driver assistance systems for commercial vehicles

Period
2024 - ongoing

LessonLearnt
By going beyond regulatory minimums, we can be sure that every enhancement we make helps save lives

At Iveco Group, safety is a cornerstone not only at our sites but also on the roads where our vehicles travel daily. Every year, thousands of lives are lost on roads worldwide, and the impact goes far beyond individuals: it affects families, communities, and entire economies. When commercial vehicles are involved, the impacts are even greater because their size and weight make accidents potentially more severe. Addressing these risks is essential not only for compliance, but also for creating a safer and more responsible transport ecosystem.
We asked Shinya Okina, ADAS Systems & Functions Manager based in Ulm, Germany, to explain how advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS) are reshaping the future of road safety.
What inspires you to work on technology that keeps people safe on the roads? Commercial vehicles play a vital part in people's lives ­ helping deliver goods, keep cities clean, support emergency and construction work, and move people safely every day. Their role in society is key. So it's our job not only to build vehicles, but also to engineer them in a way that enhances everyone's safety, reducing collisions along with driver stress. This is a responsibility we take very seriously, and it's what makes our work feel truly meaningful.
Why is road safety such a critical issue for commercial vehicles? Because while trucks and buses are involved in fewer collisions compared to passenger cars, their contribution to fatality rates is disproportionately high due to their size and weight, as well as human factors such as tiredness, distraction, stress, and fatigue. This is where ADAS technology comes into play, aiming to prevent accidents before they happen.

How does ADAS technology help address these challenges?  ADAS act like a second pair of eyes that never get tired. Features such as blind spot detection, pedestrian and cyclist alerts, and adaptive cruise control help reduce risks, including those from driver fatigue. Now we're also rolling out our driver monitoring system (DMS), which goes beyond detecting drowsiness by identifying distracted or unresponsive drivers. When combined with ADAS features such as adaptive cruise control (ACC) and advanced emergency braking (AEB), it ensures multiple layers of protection. Continuous improvement in safety systems is not just a matter of compliance ­ it's our responsibility.
What is the key lesson learned from this initiative?  The biggest takeaway is that preventing accidents involving commercial vehicles can save a significant number of lives ­ the impact is immense. That's why we go beyond minimum regulatory requirements. Every enhancement we make can mean lives saved.
H Y D R O G E N PO W E R :  SAFETY FIRST
The manufacture of vehicles with alternative propulsion systems ­ especially hydrogenpowered ones ­ has meant we've had to rethink and significantly upgrade our assembly lines compared to traditional models.
Safety standards have been reinforced with specific new protocols to ensure maximum protection for our people at all stages of production. Our plant in Annonay, France, is among the first where these new measures have already been adopted, with safety standards compliant with hydrogen fuel requirements, industry regulations, and recognised best practices.

14

CARBON AS A BUSINESS LEVER

Goal

To use the cost of CO2 emissions as a driver of procurement

decisions

Period
2025 - ongoing

LessonLearnt
Internal Carbon Pricing has already proven to be a real game changer in raw steel procurement

Companies often ask themselves a simple question: how can decarbonisation be incentivised in practical terms? One effective approach is to assign a monetary value to greenhouse gas emissions, such as CO2, and integrate it into financial and operational decisions to manage climate risks ­ turning environmental impact into an internal cost that guides investment and sourcing decisions. This approach is known as Internal Carbon Pricing (ICP).
To explore further, we spoke with Carla De Luca, Head of Procurement ESG & Compliance, at her office in Turin, Italy. Carla has developed an ICP tool that we implemented in an initial pilot project in 2025. 
Hello Carla and thank you for meeting with us. To kick off, we'd love to learn a little more about you: do you have a hobby that reflects your passion for sustainability? Thank you for asking about a topic so close to my heart. Sustainability is first and foremost a personal commitment for me, even more than a professional one, so many of my interests naturally revolve around it ­ from volunteering to travelling. When I travel, I see every experience as an opportunity to learn more about the environment. Last Christmas, for example, I spent my holidays in the Maldives helping plant corals and monitor turtles and manta rays.

How did you go about introducing ICP at Iveco Group, and what would be the benefits of adopting it across all procurement categories?  We began by creating awareness and a shared understanding ­ within the Procurement Department and across Quality & Operations ­ around the idea that putting a price on carbon is the only way to establish the true cost of decarbonisation. By translating climate impact into a language everyone understands ­ money ­ ICP helps the entire Company balance environmental goals with financial considerations, allowing us to better manage climate-related risks and unlock new revenue opportunities.
What positive impacts does the adoption of ICP have beyond company walls? Managing carbon effectively, transparently, and in a relatively simple way isn't just good for the planet; it is essential for protecting profits, attracting investors, strengthening partnerships with the right suppliers, and ensuring long-term business resilience. In short, it is one of the most powerful ­ and still largely untapped ­ sources of competitive advantage and value creation.
What is the key lesson learned from this initiative?  So far, we've applied ICP to a relatively small area ­ raw steel procurement. The next step will be scaling the approach gradually across all purchased goods and services through proper tool customisation. Even at this early stage, our experience has already shown us that ICP can be a real game changer: it's a powerful tool for shaping behaviour and guiding decision-making, capable of driving change at the very heart of the Organisation.

15

L ESS E NE R GY, FA S TE R C U R I N G

Goal

To cut energy consumption and streamline operations in our

paint shops

Period
2015 - ongoing

LessonLearnt
Even a simple innovation can spark a new mindset focused on sustainability, efficiency, and improvement

To reduce our carbon footprint we need to rethink how our plants operate. This means investing in energy-efficiency projects that focus on renewable energy sources, heat recovery, and smarter energy use across our production lines. Every improvement helps cut emissions and waste, speeding up our progress towards carbon neutrality and more sustainable manufacturing.
We caught up with Energy Manager Virginia Martinez Rodriguez, to explore how the painting process at our plant in Madrid, Spain, is evolving ­ starting with the curing ovens.
Virginia, if you had a sustainability superpower, what would it be? I'd love to have the superpower to spot energy losses and inefficiencies at a glance ­ and fix them instantly!
When it comes to energy consumption at the Madrid plant, what issues did you have in the paint shop? We realised that the old touch-up gas oven used to cure our truck paint repairs had become inefficient, requiring a lot of energy and making curing times quite long. This ultimately created process delays. To tackle both the energy waste and operational issues this was causing, we decided to replace the oven chamber with a more efficient and adaptable solution: electric infrared (IR) heating panels.

SENTINEL BEES
At our plants in Turin and Suzzara, Italy, bees help us monitor the quality of the ecosystems around our facilities.
These precious hymenopterans are extremely sensitive to environmental changes caused by pollutants and therefore act as powerful natural biosensors ­ their activity and products (honey, wax, pollen, propolis, and royal jelly) providing a wealth of information on the state of the environment.
The award-winning honey produced  at the Turin plant further confirms that  the ecosystems surrounding our plants  are in excellent health.

What were the biggest successes of this approach?  First of all, lower energy consumption and fewer emissions. We estimate there was a 54% reduction in natural gas and 46% in CO2 emissions compared to 2024. Additionally, IR technology significantly cuts curing times compared to the full-cycle oven process, and it allows energy to be used only where needed, rather than heating the entire chamber. This simplifies operations and speeds up rework management.

Was there a lesson learnt from this project? 

More than one. We've learned that well-targeted technology upgrades, when backed up with sound

analysis and clear decarbonisation goals, can significantly improve processes without compromising

quality, productivity, or performance. Carefully measuring

energy savings and CO2 reductions makes decisions more data-driven and reliable, and easier to share across

departments. Lastly, even though introducing IR curing panels required some adjustments, it has made us more open to innovation. This has encouraged us to rethink

-46%

traditional practices in favour of solutions that are financially and operationally more sustainable, efficient, and effective.

in CO2 emissions vs 2024 in the paint curing phase

16

WE KNOW WHAT'S IN IT

Goal

To monitor the substances used in our product components in

real time

Period
2024 - ongoing

LessonLearnt
Unlocking the full potential of the Material Data System starts with strengthening our colleagues' understanding of it and the regulations behind it

The International Material Data System (IMDS) stores information on every material used to manufacture Iveco Group's vehicles. It is an essential tool for monitoring so-called substances of very high concern (SVHC) and other regulated substances, and for determining the precise composition of our products. All our suppliers are required to upload detailed information to the IMDS on the materials and substances contained in the components they supply.
To gain further insight, we spoke with Katia Zardo, Material Compliance Expert, based in Turin, Italy.
Hi Katia, and thank you for speaking with us. To get us started, I'm sure our readers would love to get to know you a little better. Tell us, what's the main takeaway from your work? Working with the IMDS has shown me how crucial material data is for protecting human health and the environment. What I take away is the conviction that greater transparency across the supply chain is not just a regulatory requirement, but a real step towards safer, more sustainable products, and that data quality depends on continual dialogue with suppliers and colleagues, especially about the `why' behind our requests.

Can you tell us how the IMDS works?  The IMDS is the only digital database providing the full composition of vehicle components on the market, right down to individual substances. Unlike engineering drawings(1), which identify only materials, it traces complete chemical structures, ensuring transparency and regulatory compliance across the supply chain. Suppliers are required to complete a Material Data Sheet (MDS) for each component supplied, detailing weight, materials used and their classification, full chemical composition, relevant percentages, and any SVHC or other regulated substances present. While the IMDS was originally developed to standardise how vehicle manufacturers track material compositions and eliminate prohibited substances, it has evolved over time to meet new regulatory, environmental, and operational requirements. Its core objectives, however, remain the same: to provide a single system for declaring materials and substances, ensure compliance with key regulations such as End-of-Life Vehicle (ELV) and REACH(2), and guarantee transparency throughout the supply chain.
How do you achieve IMDS compliance across our supply chain? Our supply chain is many layers deep and our products are highly complex, containing numerous materials and substances, which makes IMDS data collection challenging. Even so, for more than 20 years we've achieved measurable improvements in the quality, transparency, and completeness of our overall IMDS data, thanks to technological progress, stricter processes, targeted training, and greater awareness among all parties involved.
Is there a lesson learned that has stayed with you?  Absolutely. We've learned how important it is to raise awareness and communicate clearly ­ both with suppliers and within the Company ­ about the environmental and health implications of the substances we use in the products we put on the market. That's why in 2025 we published a Standard for both our people and suppliers, outlining all relevant legislation, its impacts, and restrictions on regulated substances.
Discover more about about IMDS.

(1) Technical document sent to suppliers for manufacturing a component, providing detailed specifications regarding dimensions, tolerances, materials, and finishes.

(2) Registration, Evaluation, Authorisation and Restriction of Chemicals (REACH).

17

THINKING SUSTAINABLY RIGHT FROM THE START

Goal

To measure the environmental impact of next-generation batteries

through life cycle assessments and carbon footprint analyses

Period
2025 - ongoing

LessonLearnt
A life cycle assessment's validity doesn't lie in its final result but in the transparency of the method applied

In the transition to electric mobility, one component takes centre stage: the battery. From the extraction of the raw materials used to manufacture them to their end-of-life disposal, batteries are often at the heart of conversations about environmental impact. Yet we already have a way to measure their carbon footprint: the life cycle assessment (LCA).
We spoke about this to Danilo Testa, ePowertrain Portfolio & Product Manager, at his office in Turin, Italy.
First off, ciao! To get things started, can you explain what chemistry has to do with batteries? It has everything to do with batteries: materials and chemical reactions are what determine their performance, safety, and environmental impact. At Iveco Group, I've worked in both technical and product roles across Trucks, Buses, and ePowertrain, often acting as a bridge between different departments. This experience, combined with my background in chemistry, has served me really well when trying to explain complex topics such as LCAs. Chemistry is also useful when it comes to designing state-of-the-art products ­ not just in terms of technology and performance, but also sustainability.

Can you briefly explain what an LCA is and why applying it is so complex? An LCA measures a product's environmental impact throughout its entire life cycle: from raw material extraction to production, use, and end-of-life. It's complex because it requires a great deal of reliable data, clear system boundaries, and consistent assumptions ­ from energy mix and logistics to usage patterns, product lifespan, and recycling rates. For results to be meaningful, the data must also be comparable, using the same criteria, functional units, and scenarios. Over the years, LCAs have evolved from an `after the fact' analysis into a genuine design tool, helping guide our technical choices right from the outset. At Brand FPT, we have always performed LCAs on conventional engines ­ the next step will be extending the approach to new technologies as well.
By using LCAs, will we be able to make our batteries more sustainable? Have you identified any improvement measures?  An LCA allows us to measure a product's carbon footprint, pinpoint where action is needed, and identify how to make it more sustainable. Typically, it highlights key hotspots ­ across production, materials, and logistics ­ and that's where we focus our improvement efforts. This translates into clear actions: improving process efficiency, increasing the use of renewable energy wherever possible, reducing waste, and optimising component design and weight. An LCA also helps us with product design, following the so-called 5R approach: Reuse, Repair, Recover, Recycle, and Remanufacture.
Is there a key lesson that you've learnt from this initiative?  Yes. An LCA is only as good as the data and assumptions behind it. If the data isn't reliable or the assumptions not clearly stated, results can vary significantly ­ even leading to opposite conclusions. The credibility of an LCA doesn't lie in the final figure itself, but in the transparency of the method ­ with traceable sources, consistent choices, and sensitivity analyses all demonstrating how stable and reliable the outcome really is.

18

GIVING WASTE OIL A NEW LIFE

Goal

To embed circularity across the entire product life cycle,

turning waste into value while reducing emissions and resource use

Period
2025 - ongoing

LessonLearnt
When the entire value chain works together, circularity turns complex challenges into scalable solutions

When we talk about sustainability and circularity in transport, we know that neither is truly achievable if we focus only on a vehicle's use phase. We need to look instead at all impacts across the entire value chain ­ from raw material sourcing to design, production, use, maintenance, and ultimately, end-of-life. With this vision in mind, we developed NEXPRO Infinity: a high-quality lubricant created from refined used lubricant oil that would otherwise be discarded as waste. In 2025, for example, 407,000 litres of used lubricant were collected from the IVECO Dealer Network. It's a highly practical example of circularity in action within our aftermarket solutions.
To find out more, we met up with Simone Santana, our Head of Product Management for Customer Service in Latin America, at her office in Sorocaba, Brazil.
Simone, if sustainability were a colour, which one would it be and why? I would say green, because it symbolises regeneration and continuous renewal. It reminds us that every action we take can generate a positive impact. For me, sustainability is about creating longterm value while protecting the resources that future generations will depend on.
What does this product have to do with sustainability and life cycle thinking?  Nexpro Infinity, launched by our teams in Brazil, is a new lubricant developed in partnership with PETRONAS and Lwart. What sets it apart is the circularity built into the product from the very start. Its base oil is produced from used lubricant oil collected from across the country, re-refined and transformed into high-performance oil. But the circular approach goes even further than that: the product's packaging consists of a multilayer bottle made with recycled plastic recovered from consumer waste and designed to be fully recyclable. For customers, all this means longer engine life, compliance with environmental regulations, and the reassurance of a certified product.

THE PERFECT CIRCLE
For us, the circular economy drives business resilience and every time we reuse a resource it brings us one step closer to a more sustainable and responsible model of growth.
We use this approach every day at our Córdoba plants, Argentina, where metal waste is transformed into new vehicle components and products, while wood, cardboard, and plastic are reused or recycled to create new, reusable packaging and pallets.
The plants have also installed an industrial composter, as well as a reverse-osmosis system to treat and purify their wastewater.

How about environmental impact, do you have any data you can share with us? Yes, and the numbers speak for themselves. By using re-refined oil, the process reduces greenhouse gas emissions by 77% compared with the production of virgin base oil in Brazil, without compromising quality. This also means fewer resources extracted, less energy consumed, and significantly less waste generated. In short, it's a product that delivers technical excellence and a clear sustainability advantage.

What is the key lesson learned from this initiative?  We learned that circularity is a powerful business driver when all parts of the value chain work together. By integrating innovation, environmental responsibility, and customer benefits, we were able to turn a complex challenge ­ used oil disposal ­ into a scalable solution that generates measurable impact for the Company, our partners, and society as a whole.

407,000
litres of used lubricant oil collected in 2025

19

FROM WASTE TO RESOURCE: RECOVERING VALUE IN SUZZARA

Goal

To enhance the efficiency and sustainability of our products and

processes by implementing circular economy solutions

Period
2024 - ongoing

LessonLearnt
Turning waste into a resource using a circular approach boosts sustainability and competitiveness

At Iveco Group, sustainability shapes the way we think, work, and grow ­ across our entire value chain. A crucial aspect of our ethos is finding practical ways to reduce the environmental impact of our products and processes by adopting circular life cycle principles.
At our plant in Suzzara, Italy, this vision is brought to the shop floor every day by Simone Albani, Manufacturing Engineering Manager. In this interview, he explains how the installation of a distillation unit now allows used washing solvent ­ employed in the painting process to clean circuits after each colour change ­ to be recovered and reintroduced into the production cycle, rather than discarded as waste.
Simone, what inspired you to think more sustainably? I saw first-hand how much used solvent we were generating in the painting process. When I realised that our supplier was regenerating it and then selling it back to us, I thought: why not do it ourselves? That's what sparked the idea of finding a way to turn something we've always treated as waste into a resource.
What prompted the decision to install a solvent distillation unit at the plant? Our main goal was simple: to make our painting process more efficient and more sustainable. Our Manufacturing Operations unit realised that we were using large amounts of washing solvent, and that disposing of it afterwards came with significant financial ­ and, above all, environmental ­ costs. Installing the distillation unit changed that equation. Today, we can regenerate the solvent after each use, drastically reducing both our solvent consumption and the amount of hazardous waste we generate.

SMALL FILTERS, BIG IMPACT
Billions of cigarette filters are discarded each year, releasing microplastics and pollutants into the environment. A single filter contains about 200 toxic substances and takes over 12 years to degrade. That's why in 2025, at our plants in Turin, Italy, we launched a pilot project in partnership with RE-CIG, installing special collection posts where smokers can dispose of their used filters responsibly. These filters are subsequently turned into a patented plastic polymer, which can be used by various industries to create new products. But that's not all: we are also supporting our co-workers who want to quit smoking through our BEING health promotion programme, offering guidance and tools to benefit both their health and the environment.
Can this solution be applied at other plants?  Absolutely. The same type of system can be implemented in any painting process that uses solvent-based products, as long as the used solvent is properly collected and stored. Our approach is fully replicable and scalable.
What was the key lesson you took away from this project?  Besides the considerable monetary benefits, the project showed us the real value of rethinking production processes through a circular economy lens. We learned that materials we once considered waste can, in fact, be turned into resources, making our plant more sustainable and more competitive.

20

63.5
million
spent on improving employee health and safety

97%
of waste recovered at manufacturing plants

OUR 2025 SUSTAINABILITY PERFORMANCE AT A GLANCE

17.9
million
invested in learning and development initiatives

3.31
million
invested in local communities

-6.7%
vs 2024 in Scope 1 and 2 emissions (tCO2eq)

97%
of procurement spending on local suppliers

Why not explore our Sustainability
Publications on  our website?

21

S U S TA I N A B I L I T Y IN ACTION
OUR MISSION IN MOTION
22

OUR 4 STRATEGIC SUSTAINABILITY PRIORITIES
At Iveco Group, sustainability is more than a commitment ­ it's a journey of responsibility, innovation, and collective effort. One that's driven by our passion, conviction, and deep respect for our people, the planet, and society as a whole.

We work every day to embed sustainability into our operations, conducting our business in a way that is economically sound, environmentally friendly, and socially accountable. By integrating environmental and social considerations into our economic objectives, we are better able to identify potential risks and embrace new opportunities, creating a cycle of continuous improvement that generates long-term value for all. By being sustainable we also respond more effectively to stakeholders' growing ESG expectations, thereby strengthening our competitive edge. In addition, Iveco Group is a participant of the United Nations Global Compact and adheres to its principles-based approach to responsible business.
To turn our commitment into concrete action, we have identified four sustainability priorities that guide everything we do.
23

CARBON FOOTPRINT
TO REDUCE CO2 EMISSIONS ACROSS OUR MANUFACTURING PROCESSES, PRODUCT PORTFOLIO, AND ENTIRE VALUE CHAIN ­ FROM SUPPLY TO LOGISTICS ­ ON OUR PATH TO NET ZERO CARBON BY 2040.
Iveco Group is determined to make a real difference in cutting greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions ­ a major driver of climate change, which affects us all. Our ambition is clear: to achieve net zero carbon by 2040.
To get there, we have set strategic sustainability targets aligned with our strategy and shaped by the climate-related risks and opportunities we identified through our risk management process. This helps us address factors that could disrupt our operations and damage facilities, and ultimately impact our long-term resilience.
Along our decarbonisation journey, we've expanded our multi-energy offering with a wide range of alternative propulsion and energy storage solutions while continuing to invest in zero- and low-emission technologies ­ diversifying our approach to reflect the complexity of reducing emissions across very different transport segments and geographies.
At the same time, we focus on enhancing the environmental performance of our manufacturing and logistics processes by embracing renewable energy, maximising energy efficiency, optimising transport routes, and increasing the use of low-emission vehicles.
The success of this roadmap will depend not only on technological progress, but also on collaboration across supply chains, on customer adoption, and on supportive policy frameworks ­ which we actively advocate for, because real change in road transport needs more than just ambition: it needs action.

LIFE CYCLE THINKING
TO IMPLEMENT EFFICIENT SOLUTIONS THAT REDUCE THE ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACT OF OUR PRODUCTS AND PROCESSES THROUGH A CIRCULAR LIFE CYCLE APPROACH.
A circular product life cycle is about making the most of resources ­ using them for as long as possible while minimising waste at every stage. At Iveco Group, this starts with design. From the outset, sustainability and recyclability guide our decisions as we carefully consider materials, technologies, and reuse potential to maximise product longevity. Our work is also supported by product life cycle assessments (LCAs), which give us a clear picture of material composition and recyclability rates, helping us make smarter, more responsible design choices.
Circularity, however, doesn't stop at design. By extending the lifespan of components, we can offer our customers a range of top-quality remanufactured products while reducing waste and our demand for new raw materials. Beyond products, we're also transforming our operations globally by enhancing waste recovery and reuse and by increasing water recycling across our plants.
24

WORKPLACE AND PRODUCT SAFETY
TO MINIMISE THE RISK OF WORKPLACE INJURIES THROUGH ROBUST PREVENTIVE AND PROTECTIVE MEASURES, AND TO ENSURE THE HIGHEST SAFETY STANDARDS ACROSS ALL OUR PRODUCTS.
Safety isn't just about compliance ­ it's about building a corporate culture that truly protects our people. When we put their wellbeing first, accidents, absenteeism, and employee turnover fall, along with the associated costs, while productivity rises and our reputation grows stronger.
With `safety first' at the heart of everything we do, protecting people's health is an absolute priority here at Iveco Group ­ whether at work or on the road. In the workplace, our focus is on minimising the risk of injury by implementing robust preventive and protective measures across all our manufacturing and non-manufacturing sites, always seeking to create a safer work environment. On the road, we uphold the highest product safety standards by integrating advanced driver assistance technology into our vehicles, helping protect drivers, passengers, and pedestrians alike.

INCLUSION AND ENGAGEMENT
TO BUILD EVER-STRONGER RELATIONSHIPS WITH STAKEHOLDERS WHILE FURTHER STRENGTHENING OUR INCLUSIVE WORKPLACE CULTURE.
A truly inclusive workplace ­ one that values diversity in all its forms, treats everyone fairly, and empowers them to be their best ­ is the foundation of a more resilient, attractive, and effective organisation.
At Iveco Group, we strive to create the best possible conditions for our people to thrive. Increasing women's representation in the workplace is central to such efforts ­ a challenge we're taking on with drive and determination to transform not just our Company, but the industry as a whole.
Our commitment to inclusion also extends beyond our corporate walls, where we foster an inclusive mindset by bringing our values and culture into the way we interact with our customers, suppliers, and partners. At the same time, we drive real impact among local communities through education and outreach initiatives, creating opportunities that empower people, break down barriers, and open doors for those around us.

25

26

Activities on schedule 27

ESG ASSESSMENT
PROOF OF OUR COMMITMENT
28

Iveco Group's undoubted commitment to sustainability, ethical practices, and responsible decision-making is clearly demonstrated by its consistent inclusion in leading sustainability indexes and by the ratings of specialised industry-specific agencies.
We also engage with these agencies to gather feedback and fine-tune our strategies to meet our stakeholders' expectations, ensuring the highest level of transparency when reporting on our ESG performance(1).
In 2025, we achieved a score of 79/100 in the Machinery and Electrical Equipment Industry category of the annual S&P Global Corporate Sustainability Assessment (CSA), placing us among the top 5% and securing our inclusion in the S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook 2026.
Our sustainability efforts were further recognised with a Gold Medal in the EcoVadis Sustainability Rating, placing us in the top 5% (97th percentile) of all the companies assessed globally.
In the 2025 CDP disclosure cycle, we received the highest rating ­ an A score ­ in the Climate category, an A- score for Water Security, and a C score for Forests, reflecting our continuous efforts to mitigate environmental risks and drive meaningful impact.
We also maintained an ISS ESG Corporate Rating of B-.
Finally, in line with previous years, Iveco Group was included in the ECPI Euro ESG Equity Index and in the Integrated Governance Index (IGI), once again confirming its position as a leader in sustainable business practices.
Discover more about our EcoVadis Sustainability Rating.

(1) Information as of March 2026.

29

www.ivecogroup.com

