Effective Date: January 2026
Iveco Group Procedure ­ Local Communities Initiatives funded by Specific Department or IVG Subsidiary (managed outside the Sustainability budget)
Scope: This procedure applies to all Iveco Group N.V. and its subsidiaries (collectively "Iveco Group" or the "Company"), and the directors, officers and employees of such entities as well as those acting for or on behalf of such entities.
Purpose: This procedure is aimed at supplementing the Iveco Group Community Investment Policy, describing the process to be followed for requesting and/or sponsoring: a) Local Communities Initiatives (Investments in Local Communities, Charitable Donations cash or inkind) as well as the related approval process. Please make reference to the Iveco Group Community Investment Policy § 1; b) Corporate Volunteering Initiatives (as defined below). For emergency reliefs all proposals must be addressed to the Sustainability Team who will discuss them with the CEO.
Definitions: For the purpose of this procedure, the following definitions shall apply: "Proponent": it can be a single employee, a department, or a Legal Entity; "Local Communities Initiatives": refer to the Iveco Group Community Investment Policy § 1; "Corporate Volunteering Initiatives": refer to activities in which employees dedicate part of their time and skills to social and community projects. These activities are intended to take place during work hours. Corporate Volunteering Initiatives may consist of:
a) Traditional or service-based volunteering: Employees dedicate work hours to social or community projects, individually or in teams, such as park cleanups, food collection and distribution, support during non-profit organizations' events, etc.;
b) Skills-based volunteering: Employees offer their professional expertise and specialized skills to help non-profit organizations. For example, a logistic team may provide support to organize

Pag. 2
the inventory management system of a non-profit organization, or IT developers may help create a website; c) Pro bono volunteering: This is an advanced form of skills-based volunteering, where professionals offer high-level services for free. It is more common in areas like legal, accounting, or marketing; d) Online or virtual volunteering: Employees contribute to social causes through digital platforms, such as online mentoring, remote consulting, or developing projects for non-profit organizations; e) Any other kind of volunteering initiative not expressly listed above, if prior agreed upon with the Sustainability Department.
Prior Approval: All Local Communities Initiatives as well as all Corporate Volunteering Initiatives must be prior submitted for approval to the Sustainability Department, irrespective which Department or IVG subsidiary bears the corresponding costs.
Proposal : It is Proponent duty to collect proper and exaustive information about the initiative. To this extent, the Proponent will duly fill in the Local Community Initiative Investment Form ("LCII Form", ref. Annex I), to be sent to Sustainability ­ Local Community Initiatives team for evaluation. The Sustainability ­ Local Communities Initiatives team is responsible for coordinating all required internal checks prior to the approval of any Local Community or Corporate Volunteering Initiative. This includes:
- Financial validation: The Proponent's Department Finance Controller will be responsible for verifyng the availability of funds and performing any other needed checks (e.g., DOA validation);
- Legal and Compliance oversight: the Third Parties Due Diligence Team will be responsible for conducting due diligence on the beneficiary and assessing any potential conflicts of interest exante. The Country Legal Counsel will be responsible for providing legal guidance to ensure that the initiative complies with applicable laws and regulations, and aligns with its intended purpose.

Pag. 3
Please also make reference for your convenience to Annex II.b Approval Process Workflow ­ Dept.-IVG Sub.
Assessment and approval: All initiatives will be assessed by the Sustainability ­ Local Community Initiatives team in compliance with the Iveco Group Community Investment Policy, and in any case the evaluation will be based on the following criteria:
· clear and defined objectives in accordance with real needs; · relevance and consistency with the Company's image, strategy and reputation; · consistency with Iveco Group Local Communities strategy and priorities; · measurability of expected results as well as the evaluation of the related impacts
(according to the Business for Societal Impact's Framework, a globally recognized methodology for measuring and managing social impact - before and at the completion of the project); · positive completion of the checks and verifications carried out by the Compliance and Legal Departments. In case the initiative is not approved, the Proponent will be informed in writing and the decision will be duly and objectively justified. If the initiative is approved, the Sustainability Department team will inform the Proponent in writing.
Agreement and Payment The Proponent shall contact the relevant Country Legal Counsel to formalize the Agreement (ref. Annex III). A duly signed written Agreement is mandatory for any Local Communities or Corporate Volunteering Initiative. To proceed with the payment to the beneficiary organization, the signed Agreement along with the completed "LCII Form" (Annex I) shall be submitted to the relevant Accounting and Treasury team. All the relevant documentation regarding the Local Communities Initiatives including the "LCII Forms" shall be sent to the Sustainability Department for archiving purpose. In particular, it is the Proponent's responsibility to track and record the hours that the involved employees spend volunteering for external organizations, using the "LCII Form" and, if available, directly through the attendance management system by applying the dedicated code.

Pag. 4
For the purpose of control and audit trail, the Proponent should keep track of all approved initiatives.
For any clarification please refer to the Sustainability representative within your Department or to the Sustainability Department.
Annex : Annex I LCII Form Annex II.b Approval Process Workflow ­ Dept.-IVG Sub Annex III Agreement Template Related documents Iveco Group Community Investment Policy Iveco Group Anti-Corruption Policy

