Effective Date: January 2026
Iveco Group Procedure - Local Communities Initiatives funded by Corporate Budget
Scope: This procedure applies to all Iveco Group N.V. and its subsidiaries (collectively "Iveco Group" or the "Company"), and the directors, officers and employees of such entities as well as those acting for or on behalf of such entities.
Purpose: This procedure is aimed at supplementing the Iveco Group Community Investment Policy describing the process to be followed for requesting and/or sponsoring: a) Local Communities Initiatives (Investments in Local Communities, Charitable Donations cash or in-
kind) as well as the related approval process. Please make reference to the Iveco Group Community Investment Policy § 1; b) Corporate Volunteering Initiatives (as defined below). For emergency reliefs all proposals must be addressed to the Sustainability Team who will discuss them with the CEO.
Definitions: For the purpose of this procedure, the following definitions shall apply: "Proponent": it can be a single employee, a department, or a Legal Entity; "Local Communities Initiatives": refer to the Iveco Group Community Investment Policy § 1; "Corporate Volunteering Initiatives": refer to activities in which employees dedicate part of their time and skills to social and community projects. These activities are intended to take place during work hours. Corporate Volunteering Initiatives may consist of:
a) Traditional or service-based volunteering: Employees dedicate work hours to social or community projects, individually or in teams, such as park cleanups, food collection and distribution, support during non-profit organizations' events, etc.;
b) Skills-based volunteering: Employees offer their professional expertise and specialized skills to help non-profit organizations. For example, a logistic team may provide support to organize the inventory management system of a non-profit organization, or IT developers may help create a website;

Pag. 2
c) Pro bono volunteering: This is an advanced form of skills-based volunteering, where professionals offer high-level services for free. It is more common in areas like legal, accounting, or marketing;
d) Online or virtual volunteering: Employees contribute to social causes through digital platforms, such as online mentoring, remote consulting, or developing projects for non-profit organizations;
e) Any other kind of volunteering initiative not listed above, if prior agreed upon with the Sustainability Department.
Prior Approval: All Local Communities Initiatives as well as all Corporate Volunteering Initiatives must be submitted for approval to the Sustainability Department, irrespective which Department or IVG subsidiary bears the corresponding costs. Local Communities Initiatives in charge of Corporate Budget will be discussed and approved by the relevant Committee. Corporate Volunteering Initiatives in charge of Corporate Budget will be approved by the relevant Committee and by the relevant HR.
Proposal: This kind of proposal can be submited by Local Communities and Sustainability Committee members or a Proponent to the Sustainability Department who will collect proper information about the initiative, verify the alignment with the Local Community strategy and check dedicated Corporate Budget funds availability, with the support of the Corporate Finance Controller. The Corporate Finance Controller will be responsible for confirming the availability of funds and performing other checks (e.g., DOA). Meanwhile the Legal Counsel will be responsible to confirm that all legal and compliance aspects related the local community initiative have been overseen including due diligence on the beneficiary and ex-ante conflict of interest considerations, and that legal advice has been provided about how to operate and maintain business compliance within the local community initiative purpose.
Assessment and approval: All initiatives will be evaluated in compliance with the Iveco Group Community investment Policy and in any case based on the following criteria:

Pag. 3

· that clear and defined objectives are in accordance with real needs; · the relevance and coherence with the Company's image, strategy and reputation; · the consistency with Local Communities strategy and priorities; · the measurability of expected results as well as the evaluation of the related impacts
(according to the the Business for Societal Impact's Framework, a globally recognized methodology for measuring and managing social impact - before and at the completion of the project); · positive completion of the checks and verifications carried out by the Compliance and Legal Departments.

The Approval Process is established as follows: (please also make reference to Annex II.a Approval Process Workflow ­ Corporate Budget) the initiative and the relevant spending request will be subject to the following approval process:

Threshold  100K EURO > 100K EURO

Approver Regional Local Communities Committees or other Local Committees Global Local Communities Advisory Team For initiatives:
- with a value greater than 100K EURO - that do not fall under the jurisdiction of other Committees - that are of strategic importance

In addition, any other initiatives regardless of the amount, can be approved by at least two SLTs or the CEO.
In case the inititive is rejected the Proponent will be informed in writing and the decision will be duly justified. In case the initiative is approved the Sustainability Department will inform in writing the Proponent.

Agreement and Payment The Sustainability Department shall contact the Legal Counsel to formalize the Legal Agreement (Annex III). A duly signed written Agreement is mandatory for any Investments in Local Communities, Charitable Donations cash or in-kind.

Pag. 4
To proceed with the payment to the beneficiary, the signed Agreement along with the completed "LCII Form" (Annex I), shall be submitted by the Sustainability Department to the Corporate Accounting and Treasury team. All the relevant documentation regarding Local Communities and Corporate Volunteering Initiatives including the "LCII Forms" are archived by the Sustainability Department. For any clarification please refer to the Sustainability representative of your function or to the Sustainability Department.
Annex : Annex I LCII Form Annex II.a Approval Process Workflow ­ Corporate Budget Annex III Agreement Template Related documents Iveco Group Community Investment Policy Iveco Group Anti-Corrupconflicttion Policy

